docs/intro.rst, before:

.. _introduction:

Introduction
============

Installation
------------

To be able to use this library you need to have a modern version of Python 
installed. Currently we're supporting versions 2.7, 3.3 and 3.4 of Python.

This easiest way to install this library is through :command:`pip` or 
:command:`easy install`:

.. code-block:: bash    
    
    $ pip install skosprovider_rdf

This will download and install :mod:`skosprovider_rdf` and a few libraries it 
depends on.

Usage
-----

This library offers an implementation of the 
:class:`skosprovider.providers.VocabularyProvider` interface that uses an 
:class:`rdflib.graph.Graph` as input. This provider can be used to add a :term:`SKOS` 
vocabulary contained in an :term:`RDF` file to your application. The provider
itself does not read the :term:`SKOS` file, but expects to be passed a
:class:`~rdflib.graph.Graph`. So any type of RDF serialisation that can be read by
:mod:`rdflib`, can be used with this provider.

.. literalinclude:: /../examples/load_skos.py
    :language: python

It also provides a utility function to dump any implementation 
of :class:`skosprovider.providers.VocabularyProvider` to a 
:class:`rdflib.graph.Graph`. Again, since the provider only deals with the 
:class:`~rdflib.graph.Graph` object, it's possible to serialise a VocabularyProvider
to whatever RDF serialisations :mod:`rdflib` allows.

.. literalinclude:: /../examples/dump.py
    :language: python

Commit message:

Dev 0.7.0 (#39)
* Provide feedback on schemes present. Refs #35

* Allow specifying which conceptscheme to use. Refs #35

* Filtering van concepten op basis van hun concept scheme. Refs #35

* Add an example with multiple conceptschemes. Refs #35

* Updating Python versions. Refs #63

* Test search matches. Refs #65

* Add long description content type. Refs #58

* Update dependencies.

* Refactoring of tests to use pytest. Refs #19

* Refactor writing html. Refs #68 (#70)

docs/intro.rst, after:

.. _introduction:

Introduction
============

Installation
------------

To be able to use this library you need to have a modern version of Python 
installed. Currently we're supporting versions 2.7, 3.3 and 3.4 of Python.

This easiest way to install this library is through :command:`pip` or 
:command:`easy install`:

.. code-block:: bash    
    
    $ pip install skosprovider_rdf

This will download and install :mod:`skosprovider_rdf` and a few libraries it 
depends on.

Usage
-----

This library offers an implementation of the 
:class:`skosprovider.providers.VocabularyProvider` interface that uses an 
:class:`rdflib.graph.Graph` as input. This provider can be used to add a :term:`SKOS` 
vocabulary contained in an :term:`RDF` file to your application. The provider
itself does not read the :term:`SKOS` file, but expects to be passed a
:class:`~rdflib.graph.Graph`. So any type of RDF serialisation that can be read by
:mod:`rdflib`, can be used with this provider.

.. literalinclude:: /../examples/load_skos.py
    :language: python

Out of the box :mod:`skosprovider_rdf` assumes your :term:`RDF` file contains 
exactly one conceptscheme. If no conceptscheme is found in the file and you did
not pass one to the provider through the `concept_scheme` parameter, a new
conceptscheme is automatically created. If more than one conceptscheme is
present in the file, you can again specify the conceptscheme through the
`concept_scheme` parameter (passing a :class:`skosprovider.skos.ConceptScheme`)
or you can pass the uri of one of the conceptschemes present in the
`concept_scheme_uri` parameter. When you specify a conceptscheme like this, only
the concepts linked to this scheme through `skok:inScheme` statements will be
loaded.

.. literalinclude:: /../examples/load_specific_scheme.py
    :language: python

It also provides a utility function to dump any implementation 
of :class:`skosprovider.providers.VocabularyProvider` to a 
:class:`rdflib.graph.Graph`. Again, since the provider only deals with the 
:class:`~rdflib.graph.Graph` object, it's possible to serialise a VocabularyProvider
to whatever RDF serialisations :mod:`rdflib` allows.

.. literalinclude:: /../examples/dump.py
    :language: python
